# Chat with PDF using Gemini 💁

This Streamlit app allows users to chat with PDF files using the Google Gemini API. Users can upload multiple PDF files, ask questions based on the content of the PDFs, and receive answers generated by the Gemini model.

## How to Use

1. **Upload PDF Files**: Use the file uploader to upload one or more PDF files containing the content you want to chat about.

2. **Ask Questions**: Enter your question in the text input box provided. Make sure your question is relevant to the content of the uploaded PDF files.

3. **Submit & Process**: Click the "Submit & Process" button to start processing the uploaded PDF files and generate responses to your questions.

4. **View Response**: Once processing is complete, the app will display the response generated by the Gemini model based on the provided question and the content of the PDF files.

## Setup

1. **Install Dependencies**: Make sure you have Python installed on your system. You can install the required Python packages using the following command:

   ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
Set Up Google API Key: Obtain an API key from the Google API Console and store it in a .env file in the project directory:  GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_api_key

Run the App: Start the Streamlit app by running the following command in your terminal:  streamlit run app.py
## Dependencies

-  Streamlit
-  PyPDF2
- langchain
-  google-generativeai

## API Reference

- [Streamlit Documentation](https://docs.streamlit.io/)
- [Google Gemini API Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/gemini)
